I now begin my official announcement of my high thoughts,
The real dragon Jingfang was exempted from the responsibility of raising it.
And unkill every effect that has passed through the hand in the past three years.
Make this. I was wrong.
You give me another chance. I promise.
Correct this mistake.
Please. All these are the happiest things you ask me to do.
Back then you did those messy things,
You should expect all of this.
Yes, Comrade, I was really wrong
I have been with Zhenlong Group for so many years
There is no high prison, I have a hard prison
Don’t believe me, Mr. Xu
Mr. Xu, can you help me plead with the chairman?
You don't have to beg him
Even if you leave Zhenlong Group
The wealth of our family is too much for our family's status.
Dad, why did you hit me?
Even if you leave Zhenlong Group
Retreat immediately, you bastard, get up
You can kill us for asking for leave
You did not mean to offend you by this
If I just care about him